Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-ng-cli-name-context-path-and-key-are-updated-automatically-when.md (#2085)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-ng-cli-name-context-path-and-key-are-updated-automatically-when.md

---
date: ""

> title: Missing values in cumulocity.config.ts file automatically added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Missing properties in cumulocity.config.ts file automatically added
```

> title: Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Application name, context path and key automatically updated when missing
```

> title: Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present in the "cumulocity.config.ts" file.
```

> title: Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present in the "cumulocity.config.ts" file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Missing values in cumulocity.config.ts file automatically added
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57348
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, when creating a new application in the UI, the application name, context path and key fields were not automatically populated, requiring manual input from the user. With this change, if the application name, context path or key are not provided during application creation, they will be automatically derived from the uploaded application file name. This improves the user experience by reducing the amount of manual input required and ensures that applications can be created successfully even if some fields are left empty.
```

> Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present in the "cumulocity.config.ts" file. If they are not present they will be derived from the "name" property in the "package.json" file
```

> If `ng-cli name`, `context-path` and `key` are not present in the *cumulocity.config.ts* file they are automatically derived from the `name` property in the *package.json* file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If values for `ng-cli name`, `context-path` and `key` are missing in the *cumulocity.config.ts* file they are automatically derived from the `name` property in the *package.json* file.
```

> Ng-cli name, context-path and key are updated automatically when they are not present in the "cumulocity.config.ts" file. If they are not present they will be derived from the "name" property in the "package.json" file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `ng-cli name`, `context-path` and `key` are not present in the *cumulocity.config.ts* file they are automatically derived from the `name` property in the *package.json* file.
```
